Copyright 2022 Match Group, LLC

The copyright holder grants you permission to and use  or redistribute this software in source and binary forms, with or without modification, conditioned on your acceptance of, and adherence to, the following conditions:

1. Redistributions of source code, whether or not modified, must retain the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer. If modified, the source code must identify the modifications (identification in general terms is acceptable).
2. Redistributions in binary or application form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the documentation or other materials provided with the binary or application.
3. You may not use the name of the copyright holder nor the names of the contributors to endorse or promote products derived from this software without specific prior written permission.
4. You may use this software only to scan and assess your own software and systems and may not use it for any malicious or illegal purpose. You may disclose any potential vulnerabilities you detect with this software only to the developer of the software in which you detect the potential vulnerability.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND NON INFRINGEMENT ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. YOU AGREE TO INDEMNIFY AND HOLD HARMLESS THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER AND ALL CONTRIBUTORS AGAINST ANY CLAIMS THAT ARISE BASED ON YOUR USE, MODIFICATION, OR REDISTRIBUTION OF THIS SOFTWARE.